I'm here at evening 2014 in Berlin
Germany and I'm about to take a look
inside to see all the great products
that are available take a look with me
great I didn't think they'd have a band
any fun really surprising ok here we are
this is where all the magic happens this
is Gate 11 - where all the great new LG
products are being stored so let's go
inside and take a look at what we have
to see
Wow so that's the 4k video wall it's
really hard to look away I mean the
colors are so bright I mean the screens
are just so large it really commands
your attention Wow
it's a 4k OLED TV wall that's really
great oh let's get a picture together
excuse me could we get a picture is that
okay
all right so two one these are our
curved screens now here's our curved 65
even bigger curves 79 oh my we've seen
this before this is our curved Ultra HD
TV at a hundred and five inches okay we
have a lot more to see here from LG over
here ah this is our original curve the
4k OLED TV quite a nice item and now now
we're gonna go check out our Smart TVs
with webOS I'm getting set this is very
hard you have to move very quickly yeah
okay
oh now I'm missing everything ba-bum
yeah no oh now my bean bird's gonna fly
away
goodbye bean bird and then up here over
here yeah there's my finger okay okay
we're at our next stop now this is our
smart hi-fi audio room I haven't been
here yet so let's take a look so the
great thing that's very easy to notice
here is that all of these speakers are
wireless is it
we disconnected system that you can just
move anywhere around your room and if
this was my room I would be very comfy
okay here we have our lg mini beam
projector which is great for lots of
things of course indoor just like this
room outdoor camping at night that would
be fantastic
and of course business conferencing so
now we're looking at LG's 4k 3d ultra
HDTV you really have to see this in
person to believe it these images just
come right at you this is it um excuse
me I'm ray could you show me some of the
features of LG's smart home turn on the
light with it
cheffing and then the night will turn on
ah okay take care of my my the LG area
is really big I'm getting a little tired
I'm gonna take a drink well usually I'm
not so interested in refrigerators but
these look really nice really modern
clean style I should take some of the
foods from the refrigerators and put it
I made a video about the G watch on a
few days ago so that's why there's so
many people so here on the display we
have a G pad on our rights we have the L
Series phone - Elfie no the L bellow and
on the left
it's my g3 phone that I'm using well
look at that where is the time gone
that's all we have for today but you've
seen some great LG products that are as
beautiful as they are innovative and as
easy to use as they are advanced and
thanks again for sticking with me here
in Berlin while I've been getting some
great hands-on experience
you